content:
Last week I applied for the [Schloss—Post Web Residency](http://schloss-post.com/category-list/web-residents/). I found out about it kinda last-minute, so rushed to get together a PDF "Portfolio," but I'm happy enough with what I submitted. 

It was squeezed, though, between my tutoring work—which requires an hourlong commute from a house I'm crashing in Manhattan Beach—running to see apartments, some research for my other work, job applications and hunting, taking Python tutorials, getting a drink with a friend, and a morning surfing. 

I recognize there are obvious luxuries in that list. I'm blessed to have a car, enough income to justify a beer and some hours on the water. But by-and-large, my feeling of scrambling hasn't gone away. (Daily meditation, for about a month now, is helping!). 

It's slow, but I'm putting a little money in the bank to save up for a security deposit in December. I think about how the money I make for every work hour gets used: gas money, saving up for an oil change, a tee-shirt, some groceries, a few dollars in my fund for a much-needed up-to-date prescription. My phone is slowly degrading, as are my shoes. I'm trying to eke life out of the things around me as they all fall apart. I think humanity is, too, on a biological scale. 

The margins on human activity are so low in the face of entropy. If I account of all the externalities of my actions, in economic terms, environmental impact, or otherwise, I find it hard to justify doing much of anything. The price point on my laptop doesn't come close to justifying the horrible labor practices or chemical ecological damage in extracting some of the needed elements. As usual, [the Onion summarizes it well](http://www.theonion.com/article/mans-garbage-have-much-more-significant-effect-pla-52985). Jenny Holzer knows:

`ANY SURPLUS IS IMMORAL`

I'd rather live a life of morality than one of achievement, so for now my low-margin, hum-drum day-to-day feels okay. If I can find a way to justifiably raise my margins a bit—get an income boost, have an apartment, 

-