THE LEGO LIFE
POSTED ON JON PALMER'S FLICKR ACCOUNT 30 NOVEMBER 2009
THIS WAS RETRIEVED FROM THE INTERNET ARCHIVE
------------------------------------------------------

LEGO is working at Toys R Us in 1996. LEGO is Elmo laughing over the store's PA from the back room when he's "sold out" on black friday. LEGO is working the video game section. LEGO is the N64 and drugs. Buying a Virtual Boy for $30. Selling poor souls 32X's and having a huge crush on the punk rock chick that works there who has most of the Sandman comics in a long box in the trunk of her car. LEGO is not being a jerk because you already have a wonderful girlfriend. 

LEGO is walking the LEGO aisle during work more and more. Memorizing it. Obsessing over it. LEGO is not buying the Unitron monorail set. Damnit. LEGO is falling in love with a Time Cruisers set and buying it. It's a flying boat with flapping wings and for years to come, dozens of seemingly joyless LEGO fans will deride this set and the rest of this theme for being silly. LEGO is knowing that a flying boat with flapping wings is awesome. LEGO is buying a LEGO UFO. 

LEGO is realizing you're old enough at 19 in 1997 that you can play with it again. LEGO is taking your absolutely massive 10 gallon tub out of the closet and playing with it for the first time since before Gulf War I.

LEGO is buying more LEGO. LEGO is your sweet and beautiful girlfriend not entirely getting your new LEGO thing, but you're in love. She loves what you love and you love what she loves.

LEGO is going to college and not really knowing why. LEGO is seeing the most hideous, blocky, multi-colored giant space ship made of LEGO online. Aside from your girlfriend it is the single most beautiful thing you have ever seen in your life. LEGO is drawing pictures of giant LEGO spaceships instead of taking notes in class. 

LEGO is building a giant spaceship.

LEGO is rec.toys.lego
LEGO is Orange! It's Tom Rafert!
LEGO is not really getting excited about Star Wars LEGO, but thinking Mindstorms is the bee's knees.
LEGO is breaking up, dropping out and moving.

LEGO is Dallas not working out at all but sleeping with your dad's secretary. LEGO is a girl who can quote every line of David Lynch's Dune. LEGO is fighting your dad over and over again. Never getting along. 

LEGO is Tulsa again. LEGO is Lugnet. Clearance sales at Target. Carts full of sets 75% off. LEGO is a tiny basement toy store in London with colorful cans of RoboRiders and old brick walls. LEGO is a ferry set on a ferry to Dublin. LEGO is Guinness. LEGO is good for you.

LEGO is Elizabeth again. LEGO is building a giant spaceship. It's building and building and building. LEGO is meeting dozens of LEGO nerds online. Then it's meeting them in person. It's Todd Trotter and Fuzzy Gregory, the Amish Renegade. It's LUGCO. It's driving a hundred miles to a meeting once a month. It's September 11th. LEGO is finishing a giant spaceship that's ugly as hell. LEGO is buying more LEGO. It's BrickBay. It's Bricklink. It's building and building. It's beer. It's Brickfest 2002. It's Moonbase. It's Northwest BrickCon 2002. LEGO is Bram and his Sundae at Denny's and that time he stole that wrench from you. LEGO is K8 grazing.

LEGO is starting to think of half of your friends as "normal friends" and half of them as "LEGO friends".

LEGO is Star Wars spaceships that look like letters. It's making LEGO websites and selling LEGO kits and paying your rent with the money you make. LEGO is no longer really liking Star Wars anymore. 

It's breaking up again and moving to Seattle because it's beautiful and because there are so many damn LEGO nerds there. It's Mark Sandlin. It's Free Ballard. It's Joel Kuester when he was Joel Kuester. LEGO will certainly be a coffee or beer with Molly Friedrich, on the next Seattle visit or move. 

LEGO is Space.
It's the Shpleem.

LEGO is Brickfest 2003 and paying for the trip with little LEGO robots. It's BrickCon 2003. LEGO is Dan Parker. It's landing a real actual LEGO job that pays your bills and rent. It's being an agnostic and building a lifesize LEGO Virgin Mary. It's Gary! It's the security guard named Mega Blok. LEGO is sleeping in the studio in the mall during crunch time, hearing rats skitter above the ceiling tiles at 3 AM. LEGO is Lindsay. It's Elliott Smith with a knife in his chest. LEGO is Becca and beer and cartoons and MST3K. 

LEGO is driving down the coast for Christmas. It's driving into LA for the first time, in the rain, Pavement playing on the stereo. It's Steve Runnels telling you on AIM, on your Sidekick that Travis Kunce is dead. He most certainly OD'd and you completely lose your shit because he told you a month ago he had a drug problem and needed help. LEGO is crying across LA, all the way to San Clemente.

LEGO is Portland. It's awesome. It's Todd Lehman and Keith Goldman and hand signals.

LEGO is Amanda. It's Dustin. It's secret friends. It's your Grandma dying. LEGO is being stranded back in Tulsa and it's Carla-Rose.

LEGO is moving back to Tulsa. It's a car totally packed with bricks in ziplock bags. It's getting pulled over driving 90mph at 5 AM in western Kansas. The cop walks around the vehicle with his flashlight and asks, "What's with the legos?". 

LEGO is don't hate the 918. It's a ton of new friends. It's LEGO commissions and gigs. It's beer. It's a roadtrip off the interstate all the way to Salt Lake. It's Elk standing in the road at 3 AM. It's Gary staying up all night working on his moonbase module and driving 1 hour out of the 10 to Seattle. It's Gary waking up, dancing in the passenger seat briefly to some techno song and then going back to sleep. LEGO is Tom and Kristen Rafert's house. It's Rivendell. 

LEGO is fighting and fighting. It's a pair of LEGO nunchucks you make for charity when a friend dies of leukemia. LEGO is a sisyphean task. LEGO is an insane Brickfest roadtrip to DC with Jonesy, Big X and Gary. 

LEGO is leaving your job, your friends and your new apartment to work at Legoland for $10 an hour. It's working 5 AM to 5 PM, 6 days a week to make ends meet. LEGO is getting kicked out of a pirate bar for screaming and waving a pirate sword made of LEGO. It's Jason Poland. It's Las Vegas. LEGO is the model shop management. LEGO is bullshit, but it was worth it. 

LEGO is drinking more and more. LEGO is making your way up the coast. It's another PDX. It's another packed LEGO store that smells like nerd-sweat. It's selling rare LEGO pieces in the mall, right there in front of the store. 

LEGO is Tacoma and Amanda again and building for Dan Parker's studio again. It's Vegas again and it's the penthouse at Mandalay Bay and it's definitely Keith Goldman.

It's discordia and 23 and grasping at straws and almost drinking to death alone in your room on labor day. In the middle of that LEGO is channeling creativity from out of nowhere that just might save your life. LEGO is moving up to Seattle and lower queen anne. LEGO is another BrickCon, right across the street and it's one of the best Cons ever. LEGO is the Omicron Weekend.

LEGO is controlling the action.

LEGO is Sweet Baboo. It's the Flaming Lips on new years and Monika and Katy. It's finding those mushrooms in a drawer of LEGO while sorting and immediately eating them. LEGO is living in Seattle and taking the train to Tacoma. It's the cute girl you see at the train station that has the opposite commute. You call her Ladyhawk. It's missing Tulsa. It's The Lord Mandrake Memorial Sea Tower. LEGO is Meacham, Saskatchewan. LEGO is definitely Ley Ward and Flo Frank.

LEGO is very nearly burning out. It's the Viaduct breaking your heart and things you lose and things you find. It's redwoods. LEGO is mistakes but never ever regrets. LEGO is turning your back on LEGO and hating it. It's drinking and drinking and drinking and drawing on the porch all September. LEGO is the cuts and the scar on your right hand from opening High Life after High Life. It's the Mooch and Carmen and skate boards feeling just like LEGO. It's fist fights over girls who aren't worth it at all. It's Asa OD'ing. LEGO is hating the 918. LEGO is the 10th Con and showing up under an assumed name because you're such a dork. LEGO is Becca again and old friends that will always be there. 

LEGO is in a barn in Oklahoma, packed up, unused, waiting for a perfect home and a perfect LEGO room. It's the pieces in all the drawers that'll make weird things that haven't ever been built before.

LEGO is how far we've come and how much we've learned and it's all the old schoolers and the newbies. It's all the amazing things we've built. All the new techniques and building styles and trends and fads. LEGO is just a toy made by a giant multi-national corporation, but it's definitely not just a toy. LEGO is awesome and completely absurd but most of all LEGO is all the things that haven't been built yet. 